1.How will your organize your code?
  I will define two classes. One is class task, another is class tasks. 
  The attributes of the task such as name, id, due date are defined in class
  task. In class tasks I define a task list containing all the tasks and I 
  write 6 class methods to realize the function of adding tasks, listing tasks,
  querying terms, reporting tasks, deleting tasks and completing tasks. There
  is a main function in the program which will analyze the arguments in the 
  command line and call different functions according to the arguments.
  
2.How structure your application flow?
  In the main function, I will first creat a tasks object. The program will read
  data from pickle file and assign all the task objects to the task list of task object. 
  Then the main function receive and analyze the arguments in the command line and
  it will call one of the 6 class method to fulfill user's requirement. If it 
  call the add method, it will create a new task object and add it to the task 
  list in the class tasks. Every time it call the list or report method, the
  program will print information of tasks according to the task list. When it 
  call the delete or done method, the program will get the argument of task's
  id from command line and handle the corresponding task. When we want to query 
  items in all tasks, the program will get the argument of items and print the 
  information of tasks containing one of the items. Once the program execute a
  command, it will make some change to the task list and I pound it to the pickle
  file.

3.How will you sort data? At what stage?
  In the method list, I sort the task according to the due date and priority.
  First I put all the task in list self.tasks into 2 new lists. One is a list 
  containing tasks with due another is a list containing task with no due.
  For tasks with due, I use time.strptime() to change due time to a standard 
  format which can be compared with. Then I use function sorted to sort the list
  and let the key equal to due time. So I can sort the tasks according to their
  due date. For tasks with no due. I also use function sorted to sort the list
  but the key should be the priority of the tasks. Then I can sort the task according
  to the priority.

4.What search approach will you use?
  In query method I put all the search items into a list. For every item of the
  list, the program will traverse the task list to see whether the name of a task
  contains the item. The search item and name of the task are strings. So I use 
  operator 'in' to determine whether a string contains another string. 
  
5.How will you represent date stamps?
  I will import the time package and datetime package. I use time.localtime()
  to get the time now and use time.strftime() to chage it to the format needed.
  In list, report, query method I need to calculate the age of some tasks. So
  first I use datetime.strptime() to change the created time whose format is 
  defined before by myself to system standard formate. Then I use datetime.strftime()
  to get the year, month, day of the creating time. By using datetime.datetime()
  I can Use the time now minus the time of creating task to calculate the age of 
  the task.